d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\Sermas.dll.config
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\Sermas.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\Sermas.pdb
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Web.ASPxThemes.v17.1.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.xml
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v17.1.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\obj\Debug\Sermas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\obj\Debug\Sermas.dll
d:\bibliotecas\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\Sermas\Sermas\obj\Debug\Sermas.pdb
